**Canterbury Christ Church University**

**Computing, Digital Forensics and Cybersecurity**

**BSc <Computer Science With Foundation Year BSc>**

**\<2023-2024>**

**Individual Project 40 MCOMD3PRJ**

**\< Voxey: Voxel Game \>**

**\< James David Clarke \>**

**Supervisor: \<your supervisor's name\>**

**\<jc1222@canterbury.ac.uk>**

This report is submitted in partial fulfillment of the requirement for the
BSc/BEng in \< your degree title \at Canterbury Christ Church University

I declare that this report is my own original work containing no personal data
as defined in the Data Protection Act and that I have read, understood and
accept the University's regulations on plagiarism/intellectual property
rights/research ethics (in particular the Research Governance Handbook) and the
Individual Project 20 Module Handbook in its entirety.

Further, I accept that digital and/or hard copies of my Individual Project 40,
or parts thereof, may be made available to other students, individuals and
organizations after it has been marked.

Finally, I accept that no copy of my Individual Project 20 will ever be returned
regardless of the circumstances.

Signed \< your signature \>

Date of Submission: \< your submission date \>

**Abstract**

The abstract:

- very briefly summarizes the problem tackled, the method(s) adopted and the
  end-product

- must be no longer than 300 words

- can be single-spaced

- should be made as self-contained, concise and readable as possible

- is the first thing that the examiners read, so be sure to create a good first
  impression.

**Acknowledgements**

Acknowledgements of all help received from others must be included. If no help
was received from others than a statement to this effect must be included.

**Contents**

A table of contents, including all appendices, together with page numbers.

**Introduction Chapter**

The introduction chapter should describe the Individual Project 40 in greater
detail. It will set the scene and locate the Individual Project 40 in an
academic/commercial/organizational framework, discuss the issues surrounding the
Individual Project 40, describe any previous work undertaken (by others and/or
possibly yourself), identify the need for the present work, give reasons for the
topic chosen, briefly describe the development methodology/software development
life-cycle adopted, briefly detail the modelling techniques employed, briefly
outline the contents of the following chapters, provide a clear statement of the
aims and objectives of the Individual Project 40 and provide an overview of what
was attempted along with an over- view of what was actually achieved.

The Introduction chapter:

- should be as self-contained and readable as possible

- will set the tone for the whole of the submission and should be written with
  care and attention to detail

- is one of the first things that the examiners read, so be sure to create a
  good first impression

**Main Chapters**

The (main) chapters following the introduction chapter are often the first
written and can be planned and/or produced while work on the Individual Project
40 is progressing. You will often learn more about your Individual Project 40
while writing it up than at any other time as various loose ends become
apparent. Do not assume that the reader has any specialized knowledge of the
area that you are describing and be sure to explain any technical terms that you
use in a separate glossary. A good way of discovering whether your writing is at
the right level is to get somebody else taking this module to read a sample
chapter or two: they willThe abstract:

- very briefly summarizes the problem tackled, the method(s) adopted and the
  end-product

- must be no longer than 300 words

- can be single-spaced

- should be made as self-contained, concise and readable as possible

- is the first thing that the examiners read, so be sure to create a good first
  impression. have some general background knowledge, but they will not be
  familiar with your specific topic area.

You must include in these chapters a clear justification for all the
strategic/technical decisions you made during the course of the Individual
Project 40. So, for example, if you chose a particular development methodology,
chose specific modelling techniques, decided to model an enterprise making use
of subtypes, decided to deformalize a set of tables, chose/developed a
particular algorithm or menu structure, decided to use a particular software
tool, decided on the use of classes/objects, chose a particular class structure,
chose to develop the Individual Project 40 in a specific way, etc. then you must
discuss these issues here. You should not, however, get bogged down with all the
actual deliverable detail here, which should be placed in the appendices. Thus,
the Current Environment Investigation Report (if appropriate), Requirement
Specification, Design Report, Implementation, Testing, User Guide and Timeboxes
(if using Agile software development) deliverables must all be included as
appendices and not here. You should, of course, discuss such deliverables here.

**Legal Considerations Chapter**

## Using other people copyrighted works

Be careful how you use other peoples works, will we need to do this. Probably
not.

## What happens if someone finds a vulnerability

- Am i open to lawsuits, from people misusing my mod to execute malware on the
  server?

- If i implement mitigation's, good faith doctrine applies.

- License of software does not have Any Warranty.

- Serving mods from the server to the client, needs to be done safely.

- Be careful not to use trademarked words.

**Ethical Considerations Chapter**

- Modding environment is sand-boxed (safe).
- Add safeguards, permissions system to protect players from misuse.

**Conclusion Chapter**

The conclusion chapter should begin with an overview of all that has gone
before, possibly emphasizing earlier points which, at a later stage, turned out
to be important. You must provide a critical evaluation of your Individual
Project 40 which must include the details of what has, and has not, been
achieved with reference to your PID and your Requirement Specification. Details
of what has been learnt during the course of the Individual Project 40 and how
this could be put to good use if a similar project was undertaken in the future
should be described. Implications for future practice should be drawn, and
directions for further work should be identified and any outstanding problems
should be described. The conclusion chapter:

- should be made as self-contained and as readable as possible

- is possibly one of the first things that the examiners read, so be sure to
  create a good first impression

- is one of the last things that the examiners read, so be sure to leave them
  with the impression of an impressive and well-conducted Individual Project 40
  .

**References**

All incorporated text, diagrams, graphics, pictures, illustrations, figures,
proofs, tables and any other intellectual property (for example, designs,
computer software, etc.) including that in software, demonstrations,
presentations, presentation materials (e.g. hand-outs, view-foils, Power- Point
slides, etc.) produced by another person/s must always be acknowledged (even if
you change them slightly).

If, in very exceptional circumstances, there are no references then you must
state this.

**You must not copy any material whatsoever from other sources without proper
acknowledgement. Such action will be considered plagiarism, which can result in
the failure of this module.**

**Bibliography**

If, in very exceptional circumstances, there is no bibliography then you must
state this.

**Appendices**

The appendices should contain, amongst other things, all the deliverables from
your Individual Project 40 (for example, the Current Environment Investigation
Report (if appropriate), Requirement Specification, Design Report,
Implementation, Testing and the User Guide, Marking Scheme, Changes to the
Project Initiation Document and Glossary, Timeboxes (if using Agile software
development), etc. In general, any large amount of technical material that would
interrupt the flow of the main chapters should be relegated to an appendix.

The contents and title of Appendices A -- N is fixed and must be presented as
detailed below regardless of the development methodology/software development
lifecycle adopted. Do not under any circumstances use any of Appendices A -- N
for any other purpose than that specifically specified below. Failure to conform
to these requirements will result in a loss of marks. Appendix E of your
submission, for example, is for the Requirements Specification deliverable only
and no marks will be awarded for the Requirements Specification deliverable
other than for material contained in Appendix E of your submission. Discussion
of the Requirements Specification deliverable, however, should be contained in
the main chapters. Appendices in the range O - Z can be used for any purpose if
required.

Note that each appendix must be page numbered separately. For example, Appendix
B of your submission must be page numbered B1, B2, B3, B4, B5, etc. and that no
other style of page numbering is acceptable.

- **Appendix A: Glossary**

Appendix A of your submission must contain nothing other than a glossary. If
there is no glossary then Appendix A will simply contain the text \"Deliberately
Left Blank\".

- **Appendix B: Marking Scheme**

Appendix B of your submission must contain nothing other than the marking scheme
from your PID as originally signed off by your supervisor without any
alterations. Alternatively, you can simply specify one of the pre-prepared
marking schemes (i.e., Default, 3GL or Agile details of which can be found on
this Bb).

Note that if you do not specify a marking scheme then the Default Marking Scheme
will automatically be used to mark your Individual Project 40.

- **Appendix C: Changes to the Project Initiation Document**

Appendix C of your submission must contain nothing other than all changes,
agreed with your supervisor, to your PID after it has been signed off by your
supervisor.

If there are no changes to your PID then Appendix C will simply contain the text
\"Deliberately Left Blank\".

- **Appendix D: Current Environment Investigation Report**

Not Applicable

- **Appendix E: Requirements Specification**

Not Applicable

- **Appendix F: Design Report**

Not Applicable

- **Appendix G: Implementation**

Not Applicable

# **Appendix H: Testing**

Not Applicable

# **Appendix I: User Guide**

Not Applicable

# **Appendix J: Project Management**

Appendix J of your submission must contain nothing other than details regarding
project management.

This Appendix should include the project plan documented in the form of, say, a
Gantt chart (or possibly using CPM/PERT) clearly identifying the milestones for
reviews and product delivery which should, of course, clearly link back to the
methodology/software development life cycle employed.

The appendix must also include details of on-going actual progress to date
against the project plan along with how any divergence from the project plan was
caused and subsequently dealt with.

Appendix J is for project management plans/actual progress only. No marks will
be awarded for project management plans/actual progress other than for material
contained in Appendix J. Discussion of project management plans/actual progress
should be contained in the main chapters not here.

# **Appendix K: Meetings with Supervisor**

Appendix K of your submission must contain nothing other than details (e.g.
date, time, location, purpose, description, actions, etc.) regarding all
meetings with your supervisor.

# **Appendix L: Agile Development: Timebox 1**

If you are not using an Agile development method, then Appendix L of your
submission will simply contain the text \"Not Applicable.\"

Appendix L of your submission must contain nothing other than details regarding
Time- box 1:

**--** Overview of scope, purpose and benefit to customer/user. Narrative on
problem situation (current situation) to be resolved and functionality to be
provided (MoSCoW) and how this enhances the situation.

**--** General Introduction to the Timebox Outlining:

1\. Prioritized Targets for the timebox.

2\. Description of the choice of Software Engineering artefacts to be produced
in this stage, e.g., Use Cases, Personas, User Descriptions, CRC cards, ER
Diagrams, Class Diagrams, UI Content Diagrams, DFDs, UI designs, State
Transition Net- works, Data Dictionaries, DB table designs, Object Diagrams,
etc.

# **--** Summary of Timebox Activity:

1\. Summary of (changes in) this timebox to system -- Achievements and missing
features.

2\. Changes to project plan in the light of development in this timebox.

# **--** Conclusions:

1. Summary of learning and achievement in this timebox.
2. Reflection on the success of the work in this timebox -- alternative
   actions/developments/techniques and their potential to have improved the
   delivery.

# **--** User Guide, if appropriate -- suggest a 'Minimal Manual

format', as per Carroll (1987)

-- NOT just a small user manual.

It is important to note that the timebox MUST produce a fully documented and
tested system with some useful functionality that the end user can work with. It
is not an evolutionary prototyping method, where code can be produced that does
not immediately produce useful functionality for the intended user.

# **Appendix M: Agile Development: Timebox 2**

If you are not using an Agile development method, then Appendix M of your
submission will simply contain the text \"Not Applicable.\"

Appendix M of your submission must contain nothing other than details regarding
Time- box 2. Submission contents will be as per Timebox 1 but modified to fit
the improved system. There is no need to re-analyze situations that have not
changed in the interim, or to show designs for parts of the system that have
remained static. Analysis and design must be shown for parts of the system that
are to change in this timebox.

# **Appendix N: Agile Development: Timebox 3**

If you are not using an Agile development method, then Appendix N of your
submission will simply contain the text \"Not Applicable.\"

Appendix N of your submission must contain nothing other than details regarding
Time- box 3. Submission contents will be as per Timebox 2 but modified to fit
the improved system. There is no need to re-analyze situations that have not
changed in the interim, or to show designs for parts of the system that have
remained static. Analysis and design must be shown for parts of the system that
are to change in this timebox.

# Questions

What things do apply for Agile development methodology?
